Update troubleshooting in EXERCISE-5.md (#81)
opennetworkinglab/ngsdn-tutorial: EXERCISE-5.md

   `groups any device:leaf1`, verify that all flows and groups are in state
   `ADDED`. If you see other states such as `PENDING_ADD`, check the ONOS log
   for possible errors with writing those entries to the device. You can also

>    use the ONOS web UI to check flows and group state. If there is no any `flows`
>    and `groups` shows in ONOS CLI, run `make netcfg` first to configure devices
>    and hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   use the ONOS web UI to check flows and group state. 
   
   2. Check `netcfg` in ONOS CLI. If network config is missing, run `make netcfg` again to configure devices and hosts.
```
